Note Exception about float in Attribute Docs (#422)
rojo-rbx/rbx-dom: docs/attributes.md

The `Float32` type is stored as a [single-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-precision_floating-point_format), also known as an `f32` or `single`, or sometimes even simply `float`.

> This type is accepted by Roblox Studio. Though will almost never be generated by it, with the exception of the default number-type value being created explicitly through the Studio Properties Menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type is accepted by Roblox Studio, though will almost never be generated by it. In some cases the Roblox Studio Properties widget may cause this type to appear.
```
